# project-cmpt-276

The DineAlert application is designed to help restaurant owners track their visitors and respond to detection of in-store COVID-19 cases. This would help contain the spread of the virus. Customers can digitally sign-up on DineAlert, and an email alert will be sent to potentially infected visitors. Potential COVID-19 carriers refer to people who dine in at the same hour as a COVID-positive customer. Currently, restaurant visitors have to manually sign up during their visit, and restaurant owners can contact each potential COVID-19 carrier via text or calls.

This manual process is time consuming and the customer’s information is insecure and disorganized. Our project will digitalize the sign-up process, and would save time for both customers and restaurant owners. It is a practical project that would be profitable in  the catering industry, and could be expanded to other retailers and areas such as shopping malls, cinemas, and libraries.

This project includes several individual features. An interface that allows customers to sign up, and report their COVID-19 test results. Furthemore, the interface would allow a restaurant owner to login into the system, adjust the time range for potential COVID-19 infections, check information of customers and send them emails as well.

The following describes a sample run of the application. A restaurant customer will scan the QR code using their phone and insert their name and email into a form. If the customer is COVID-19 positive, he or she must report their test results to the restaurant owner. As a restaurant owner, I can login into the admin system and view the customer’s information. Furthermore, the owner is responsible for informing the potential virus carriers and should suggest them to do swab tests and quarantine accordingly. Therefore, our project has sufficient work for our team to work on.
